chore: fix stylus loader link (#3992)
webpack/webpack.js.org: src/content/loaders/index.md

- [`less-loader`](/loaders/less-loader) Loads and compiles a LESS file
- [`sass-loader`](/loaders/sass-loader) Loads and compiles a SASS/SCSS file
- [`postcss-loader`](/loaders/postcss-loader) Loads and transforms a CSS/SSS file using [PostCSS](http://postcss.org)

> - [`stylus-loader`](https://github.com/webpack-contrib/stylus-loader) Loads and compiles a Stylus file

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [`stylus-loader`](/loaders/stylus-loader/) Loads and compiles a Stylus file
```

Author: Done!
